W,
you know,
when it comes to Trump,
what did he do?
He missile strike in Syria,
weapons,
deal of Saudi Arabia,
commando raids in Yemen,
a little girl got killed.
And I've been for the most part,
very,
very critical of him in any other administration who engages in regime change
foreign wars.
And look,
I've got to say,
you know,
when it comes to domestic issues,
I'm not,
that's not my wheelhouse when it comes to foreign policy stuff.
Only a little bit like I've been to some countries,
I've experienced stuff,
but really,
you know,
on the ground cultural between people is more my thing.
But I know more about foreign policy than domestic.
And when I see Trump's foreign policy,
I was very critical of it.
But I will point out withdrawing from Syria,
I'm a fan,
um,
I understand a lot more than probably the average person does.
Some of the issues surrounding Syria,
Russia,
the cotter,
Turkey pipeline and things.
But typically I think it's usually a bad idea when the u s involves itself's
inform foreign interests and tries engaging and these regime change change
strategies to build allies.
But one of the things that really blew my mind is I saw a survey,
at least it was going on in the inner on social media.
So who knows if it's true that claimed the Democrats have a favorable opinion of
George W.
Bush,
you know,
something,
something that affects,
and they're there in retrospect,
like,
yeah,
like today they pulled them,
they're like,
oh,
he was good.
And there's a video of him like giving a piece of candy to Michelle Obama and
everyone was like,
it was going viral.
And people are laughing about,
I'm like,
not say hold hands.
That's crazy.
That guy's awful.
I'm like that guy.
But what,
what happened?
And then when Trump announces he's going to pull troops out of Syria,
everybody opposes it.
Like the media saying it's wrong.
And you've got a lot of like mainstream people on the left thing.
It's wrong.
And I'm like,
it is,
what do you mean?
Like that's crazy to me.
Like,
you know,
uh,
all of my activist friends,
we've never been in favor of that stuff.
We've always opposed it.
That's always been the left's position.
And now I'm seeing people who claim to be on the left support multinational
businesses as private businesses doing whatever they want.
Meaning like social media course.
Yeah.
Like,
like dude,
you know,
Saudi Arabia,
I think it's a,
a Saudi prince is one of the biggest investors in Twitter.
Briony.
Yeah.
And so it's like there there've been a series of people who have gotten letters
that they violated Pakistani law.
I mean they,
they,
they send screenshots,
you know,
screen house can be faked,
but there've been a couple of people who have been like,
for some reason Twitter decided to inform me of this.
And then it's,
it's,
it's a multinational let,
let's,
let's talk about the,
the Adler algorithmic apocalypse.
Let's segue into that.
You've got a platform where our public discourse is happening where the left has
repeatedly said that Russians used it to manipulate our elections where one of
its biggest investors is a Saudi prince or something to that effect.
And they're banning people of,
of a certain,
uh,
who oppose a certain ideological bent.
Like that sounds like a democratic crisis,
right?
If,
if this is where the public sphere is,
if you,
you know,
you said is no longer in the conversation,
he's banned from Twitter even though he's got millions of followers,
they don't talk about him anymore.
He's off Twitter.
Twitter really is important.
The president is there.
So if you start removing people,
you've got foreign interests who have a stake in what Twitter is doing.
Yeah,
they can seriously influence our elections and,
and,
and they,
they are.
But I'll,
but I'll,
but I'll move into what most really crazy New York Times reported.
There's a group that false flagged the Republican's in Alabama with fake Twitter
accounts that they made to convince the media.
Russians were propping up the campaign of Roy Moore.
So basically this,
according to the times is all fact.
This is,
they've seen the documents,
they reported it,
that democratic operatives smeared,
uh,
engage in a false flag campaign to make it appear like the Russians were popping
up.
Republicans and the national media in the u s ran with it.
How that's not a crime is beyond me that's interfering in elections and we know
it.
And this group is,
is still being cited.
They're smearing Tulsi Gabard,
right.
Yeah.
An NBC news article came out saying that Russians are,
you know,
I've taken notice of our campaign are promoting it.
Same Group,
still running the story.
Dang.
How that's not a crime is mind blowing to me.
But the New York Times reported it.
So it's at this point,
it's like,
I mean,
that's,
I think we have to be aware that there's so much manipulation going on right now
from almost every angle.
Oh yeah.
So,
I mean,
and what's hilarious is that people look at what's going on with Russian troll
factories and you know,
the way they're trying to influence our elections,
that it's particularly egregious.
Yeah.
Where we do that shit,
I'll totally plus,
and I'm pretty sure we,
we learned about the u s doing it well before we learned Russia was doing it.
And I'd be willing to bet the u s started it.